Qiskit 1.0 compatibility for 0.35 (#431)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit: README.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install "qiskit<0.46"
    pip install pennylane-qiskit

> If you prefer to use Qiskit 1.0, you can replace the first line above with ``pip install qiskit``,
> or omit it entirely. Note that only conversion to PennyLane is supported for Qiskit 1.0; support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use Qiskit 1.0, you can omit the first line above and instead consult the
`Qiskit installation guide <https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/start/install>`__, which includes
details on how to migrate to 1.0 if you already have Qiskit installed.
Note that only conversion to PennyLane is supported with Qiskit 1.0; support
```
